merge soberdocs into vinegarhq.org (#143)
vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io: src/Sober/Installation/index.md

```console
$ flatpak install --user https://sober.vinegarhq.org/sober.flatpakref
```

Then in it should appear in your app grid on GNOME or your Application Launcher on KDE/Cinnamon. Open it up and if everything works out, you should see the bootstrapper installation screen.

There are two options: **Automatic** and **Manual** installation. VinegarHQ recommendeds to use the **automatic** installation unless it is necessary to use manual. 

#### Manual installation
To use the manual installation, you need to download an APK. You should take note on which version of the APK Sober is asking.

> You can download an APK from your local trusted APK site, however VinegarHQ recommends obtaining the APKs from [APKMirror](https://www.apkmirror.com/)

Once the APK is downloaded, select the APK from the file picker and Roblox should now be installed onto Sober.

> If you downloaded an APK that contains the base and the x86-64 split individually, make sure that **both** of the APKs are selected, otherwise it will not be able to install.

> 

Reviewer: I think it might be problematic explicitly recommending a mirror like this. I can't accept this without explicit permission from Sober maintainers.

This should be changed so there's no reference or link to any particular APK site.

Reviewer 2: Yes, do not link a mirror, only *suggest* it; it is mentioned in the Sober user agreement.

Reviewer: Right... we shouldn't expose ourselves to a situation where we either download binary files from a non-official source or otherwise directly lead people to them.

Author: Yeah I figured this would be the case. I'll go reword that as soon as I can.

Reviewer: Hmm... well to be honest, I still don't really like namedropping a mirror. 

I'd personally go with something like:
```
> You can download an APK from a trustworthy APK site or mirror. Make sure the service you're using is trustworthy and hasn't tampered with the APK. In case of doubt, you should use the automatic installation instead.
```

Though I'll let @apprehensions be the arbiter of that.

Reviewer 3: the apk being tampered with is not a concern as sober verifies the apk signature

Reviewer: I'm aware of that. Still, we should have some CYA phrasing here. I don't want users to end up in a site with bad APKs or other crap.

It should be fine, imo, not to mention any service, since anyone who *needs* to use manual installation should know where to find their APKs anyways.

Reviewer: ![imagem](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/773794ee-864f-4bbc-888f-252461bcc653)

Author: > Hmm... well to be honest, I still don't really like namedropping a mirror.
> 
> I'd personally go with something like:
> 
> > You can download an APK from a trustworthy APK site or mirror. Make sure the service you're using is trustworthy and hasn't tampered with the APK. In case of doubt, you should use the automatic installation instead.
> 
> Though I'll let @apprehensions be the arbiter of that.

Applied

# Sober Installation

## Requirements

Before using Sober, there are some requirements for your setup to be able to run Sober. The requirements are based on [Roblox's official minimum requirements for mobile](https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/en-us/articles/203625474).<br>
Other requirements include:

- Processor: x86-64 CPU **with SEE4.2 support** (SEE4.2 is a mandatory requirement to run Roblox)
- Graphics: Vulkan 1.1 or later. (or OpenGL ES 3.0 or later for OpenGL operation)

> - Flatpak installed on your system.

Reviewer: Why are we repeating this twice?

Author: Elaborate that question.

> Sober is not distributed anywhere else but our self-hosted Flatpak repository.<br>
If you don’t have Flatpak installed on your system, you can install it by going to [Flatpak's setup page](https://flatpak.org/setup/) and following the guide there. 

> At this time, Sober is not available for ARM64 devices at this time

## Instructions
### To install
Once you have Flatpak installed on your system, you can either download the Flatpak link for your software center [here](https://sober.vinegarhq.org/sober.flatpakref), or in your terminal, run:

```console
$ flatpak install --user https://sober.vinegarhq.org/sober.flatpakref
```

Then in it should appear in your app grid on GNOME or your Application Launcher on KDE/Cinnamon. Open it up and if everything works out, you should see the bootstrapper installation screen.

> There are two options: **Automatic** and **Manual** installation. VinegarHQ recommendeds to use the **automatic** installation unless it is necessary to use manual. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two installation types: **Automatic** and **Manual**.  Pick **Automatic** installation unless you know what you're doing. 

```

# Sober Installation

## Requirements

Before using Sober, there are some requirements for your setup to be able to run Sober. The requirements are based on [Roblox's official minimum requirements for mobile](https://en.help.roblox.com/hc/en-us/articles/203625474).<br>
Other requirements include:

- Processor: x86-64 CPU **with SEE4.2 support** (see the corresponding [FAQ question](../FAQ/index.md#How-do-I-know-I-meet-the-requirements-to-run-Sober))

> - Graphics: Vulkan 1.1* or later. (or OpenGL ES 3.0 or later for OpenGL operation)

Reviewer 3: vulkan 1.0 is enough
